Trigger on job completion (#4870)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs.md

- Job run details, including run timing, [model timing data](#model-timing), and [artifacts](/docs/deploy/artifacts)
- Detailed run steps with logs and their run step statuses

You can create a deploy job and configure it to run on [scheduled days and times](#schedule-days) or enter a [custom cron schedule](#cron-schedule).

## Prerequisites

- You must have a [dbt Cloud account](https://www.getdbt.com/signup/) and [Developer seat license](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users).

>     - For the [Trigger on job completion](#trigger-on-job-completion) feature, your dbt Cloud account must be on the [Team or Enterprise plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/).

Author: followed prior art https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#prerequisites

>     - For the [Trigger on job completion](#trigger-on-job-completion) feature, your dbt Cloud account must be on the [Team or Enterprise plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/).

Reviewer: Keeping the format consistent
```suggestion
    - You must have a dbt Cloud account on the [Team or Enterprise plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) for the [Trigger on job completion](#trigger-on-job-completion) feature.
```

Author: keeping as is. following prior art here https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#prerequisites 

and i think i prefer the feature name to be in the front in this case

- You must have a dbt project connected to a [data platform](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections).
- You must have [access permission](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access) to view, create, modify, or run jobs.
- You must set up a [deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments). 

## Create and schedule jobs {#create-and-schedule-jobs}

1. On your deployment environment page, click **Create job** > **Deploy job** to create a new deploy job. 
2. Options in the **Job settings** section:
    - **Job name** &mdash; Specify the name for the deploy job. For example, `Daily build`.

>     - (Optional) **Description** &mdash; Provide a description of what the job does (for example, what the job consumes and what the job produces). 

Reviewer: Don't we usually put this after?
```suggestion
    - **Description** (optional) &mdash; Provide a description of what the job does (for example, what the job consumes and what the job produces). 
```

Author: actually, i'm not sure. i don't see that in the style guide. 

i'm accustomed to before. that way, people can move one faster if they're ok with the defaults

4. Options in the **Triggers** section:
    - **Run on schedule** &mdash; Run the deploy job on a set schedule.
        - **Timing** &mdash; Specify whether to [schedule](#schedule-days) the deploy job using **Hours of the day** that runs the job at specific times of day, **Exact intervals** that runs the job every specified number of hours, or **Cron schedule** that runs the job specified using [cron syntax](#cron-schedule).
        - **Days of the week** &mdash; By default, it’s set to every day when **Hours of the day** or **Exact intervals** is chosen for **Timing**.
    - **Run when another job finishes** &mdash; Run the deploy job when another _upstream_ deploy [job completes](#trigger-on-job-completion).  
        - **Project** &mdash; Specify the parent project that has that upstream deploy job. 
        - **Job** &mdash; Specify the upstream deploy job. 
        - **Completes on** &mdash; Select the job run status(es) that will [enqueue](/docs/deploy/job-scheduler#scheduler-queue) the deploy job.  

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/example-triggers-section.png" width="90%" title="Example of Triggers on the Deploy Job page"/>

> 5. (optional) Options in the **Advanced settings** section: 

Reviewer: Same as above
```suggestion
5. (Optional) Options in the **Advanced settings** section: 
```

:::

### Cron schedule

> To fully customize the scheduling of your job, choose the **Cron schedule** option and use cron syntax. With this syntax, you can specify the minute, hour, day of the month, month, and day of the week, allowing you to set up complex schedules like running a job on the first Monday of each month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fully customize the scheduling of your job, choose the **Cron schedule** option and use cron syntax. With this syntax, you can specify the minute, hour, day of the month, month, and day of the week, enabling you to set up complex schedules like running a job on the first Monday of each month.
```

- `0 7 L * 5`: At 07:00 AM, on the last day of the month, and on Friday.
- `30 14 L * *`: At 02:30 PM, on the last day of the month.

> ### Trigger on job completion

Author: ```suggestion
### Trigger on job completion <Lifecycle status="team,enterprise" />
```

> ### Trigger on job completion <Lifecycle status="team,enterprise" />

Author: ```suggestion
<h3>Trigger on job completion  <Lifecycle status={["team", "enterprise"]} /> </h3>
```

> ### Trigger on job completion <Lifecycle status={['team', 'enterprise']} />

Author: rolling out our new Lifecycle use case for dbt cloud pricing plans

> ### Trigger on job completion <Lifecycle status={[ 'team', 'enterprise' ]} />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Trigger on job completion
```

> <h3>Trigger on job completion  <Lifecycle status={["team", "enterprise"]} /> </h3>

Author: ```suggestion
### Trigger on job completion  <Lifecycle status="team, enterprise" /> 
```

To _chain_ deploy jobs together, enable the **Run when another job finishes** option and specify the upstream job so that when it completes it will trigger your job. You can also set this up through the [Create Job API](/dbt-cloud/api-v2#/operations/Create%20Job). You must have access (permissions) to the upstream project and job to configure the trigger.  

> 

Reviewer 3: Could we say something here like "Jobs can be triggered across dbt projects, but you must have access (permissions) to the upstream project and job to configure the trigger."

Just to make the cross project part explicit.

Author: log: addressed this per slack thread

- `0 7 L * 5`: At 07:00 AM, on the last day of the month, and on Friday.
- `30 14 L * *`: At 02:30 PM, on the last day of the month.

### Trigger on job completion  <Lifecycle status="team,enterprise" /> 

> To _chain_ deploy jobs together, enable the **Run when another job finishes** option and specify the upstream (parent) job so that when it completes it will trigger your job. You can also use the [Create Job API](/dbt-cloud/api-v2#/operations/Create%20Job) to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To _chain_ deploy jobs together, enable the **Run when another job finishes** option and specify the upstream (parent) job that, when it completes, will trigger your job. You can also use the [Create Job API](/dbt-cloud/api-v2#/operations/Create%20Job) to do this.
```

> It's possible to set up a configuration where an upstream job triggers multiple downstream (child) jobs and, also, to trigger jobs that are in other projects. You must have access (permissions) to the project and job to configure the trigger. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up a configuration where an upstream job triggers multiple downstream (child) jobs and jobs in other projects. You must have proper [permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#project-role-permissions) to the project and job to configure the trigger. 
```

- `0 7 L * 5`: At 07:00 AM, on the last day of the month, and on Friday.
- `30 14 L * *`: At 02:30 PM, on the last day of the month.

> ### Trigger on job completion

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Trigger on job completion <Lifecycle status={['team', 'enterprise']} />
```

> ### Trigger on job completion <Lifecycle status={['team', 'enterprise']} />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Trigger on job completion 
```
